Feature/m0228 j 43 microjs (#127)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/js/getting_started.rst

..
.. ReStructuredText
..
.. Copyright 2020-2021 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
.. MicroEJ Corp. PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use is subject to license terms.
..

.. _js.getting_started:

===============
Getting started
===============

> Let's walk through the steps required to use Javascript in your MicroEJ application:

Reviewer: Where are the Prerequisites ? 
```
The JavaScript bundle is currently in preview and is available on demand. Please contact :ref:`our support team <get_support>`.
```

then 
- unzip the module repo
- briefly explains what it contains
- setup the settings file
- ...

Reviewer 2: I've added a note.

- install the :ref:`MMM CLI (Command Line Interface) <mmm_build_kit>`
- create your Standalone Application project with the ``init`` command:

.. code:: console

    mmm init -Dskeleton.org=com.is2t.easyant.skeletons -Dskeleton.module=firmware-singleapp -Dskeleton.rev=1.1.12  -Dproject.org=com.mycompany -Dproject.module=myproject -Dproject.rev=1.0.0 -Dskeleton.target.dir=myproject 

Adapt the properties values to your need.
See the :ref:`MMM CLI init command documentation <mmm.cli.commands.init>` for more details.

> Javascript is supported in the following project types: ``microej-javalib``, ``application`` and ``firmware-singleapp``.
> You can have more information on the project types in the :ref:`Module Natures page <module_natures>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Javascript is supported in the following :ref:`Module Natures page <module_natures>: 
- :ref:`module_natures.addon_lib`, 
- :ref:`module_natures.standalone_application`,
- :ref:`module_natures.sandboxed_application`.
```
